Add existing Dagster project example to dbt quickstart (#21817)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/integrations/dbt/quickstart.mdx

This creates a directory called `my-dagster-project/` inside the current directory. The `my-dagster-project/` directory contains a set of files that define a Dagster project.

</TabItem>

> <TabItem name="Option 2: Use an existing Dagster project">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<TabItem name="Option 2: Load your dbt project in an existing Dagster project">
```

Author: Done in [ce9d1a1](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster/pull/21817/commits/ce9d1a18fb46e5753d78d93e671b398825a9ec79)

### Option 2: Use an existing Dagster project

> You can use an existing Dagster project to run your dbt project. To do so, you'll need to add some objects using the [dagster-dbt library](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-dbt) and update your `Definitions` object. This example assumes that your existing Dagster project includes both `assets.py` and `definitions.py` files.

Reviewer: We should show the file structure that we expect as a directory tree to be explicit about where we expect files to be.

Author: Done in [ce9d1a1](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster/pull/21817/commits/ce9d1a18fb46e5753d78d93e671b398825a9ec79)

           .resolve(),
       )
   ```

3. In your `assets.py` file, add the following code. Using the `dbt_assets` decorator allows Dagster to create a definition for how to compute a set of dbt resources, described by a manifest.json.

   ```python file=/integrations/dbt/quickstart.py startafter=start_dbt_assets_example endbefore=end_dbt_assets_example
   from dagster import AssetExecutionContext
       from dagster_dbt import DbtCliResource, dbt_assets

       from .project import my_project

       @dbt_assets(manifest=my_project.manifest_path)
       def my_dbt_assets(context: AssetExecutionContext, dbt: DbtCliResource):
           yield from dbt.cli(["build"], context=context).stream()
   ```

4. In your `definitions.py` file, update your Definitions object to include the newly created objects.

   ```python file=/integrations/dbt/quickstart.py startafter=start_dbt_definitions_example endbefore=end_dbt_definitions_example
   from dagster import Definitions
       from dagster_dbt import DbtCliResource

       from .assets import my_dbt_assets
       from .project import my_project

       defs = Definitions(
           assets=[my_dbt_assets],
           resources={

>                "dbt": DbtCliResource(project_dir=my_project),

Reviewer: We should have placeholders for their existing assets, jobs, resources, etc.

Author: Done in [ce9d1a1](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster/pull/21817/commits/ce9d1a18fb46e5753d78d93e671b398825a9ec79)
